Add motd docs (#1)
bedrock-crustaceans/protocol-wiki: docs/MOTD.md

> # MOTD Protocol Documentation

Reviewer: maybe add what motd directly stands for.. (Message of the day)

## Overview

> The server operates by listening on port `19132` for incoming RakNet unconnected pings. Upon receiving a valid ping, the server responds with an unconnected pong that contains the MOTD and other info. This interaction ensures that clients receive essential details about the server before establishing a connection.

Reviewer 2: Maybe rephrase to be:
```suggestion
A RakNet server, by default, listens on port `19132` for incoming [Unconnected Pings](#unconnected-ping). Once a valid ping is sent, the server sends back a [Unconnected Pong](#unconnected-pong). This contains the server's (MOTD)[#motd-format), along with other server info. All this ensures that a client receives the details of the server before a connection is established.
```

## Packet Structure

### Unconnected Ping

When a client wants to display the server it sends an unconnected ping

> - **Packet ID (1 byte):** `0x01`

Reviewer: I wonder in general if we should use a schema like rust uses (`u32`) or more over the older C style (`unsigned int`) or something in between (`uint32`). I personally prefer something like `u32`...

### Unconnected Pong

In response to a valid unconnected ping, the server dispatches an unconnected pong packet containing the MOTD and additional server details.

- **Packet ID (1 byte):** `0x1C` (Denotes Unconnected Pong)
- **Timestamp (8 bytes, Big-Endian):** The time since start of the server. Just setting it to current unix timestamp works fine
- **Server GUID (8 bytes, Big-Endian):** Unique server identifier.
- **Magic Offline Message ID (16 bytes):** Identical to the one used in the ping.
- **MOTD Length (2 bytes, Big-Endian):** Specifies the length of the MOTD string.
- **MOTD (Variable Length):** The actual Message of the Day in byte format.

## Message of the Day (MOTD) Generation

The MOTD is what shows up in the server list, it is what people see before joining the server.

### MOTD Format

The MOTD follows a semicolon-separated (`;`) format comprising various fields, semi colons can be escaped with a backslash (`\`)
```
<Edition>;<MOTD>;<Protocol Version>;<Game Version>;<Player Count>;<Max Player Count>;<Server GUID>;<World Name>;<Game Mode>;<Nintendo Limited>;<IpV4Port>;<IpV6Port>;<Extra Data>;
```

#### Field Breakdown & Data Types

- **Edition:** string  

>   Specifies the game edition (e.g., `MCPE` for Minecraft Pocket Edition), seems to be hardcoded to `MCPE`

Reviewer: I'm not actually sure about that one, it might be that Education Edition uses `MCEE` instead of `MCPE`

Reviewer: wiki.vg seems to say the same... 
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/612a8919-d522-4458-ba78-db297cf0a125)

- **MOTD:** string  
  The actual message that is displayed, it can have Minecraft colors.  
- **Protocol Version:** uint16  
  Numeric identifier indicating the game protocol version (e.g., `748`).  
- **Game Version:** string  

>   Denotes the server's game version (e.g., `1.20.40`, or on CubeCraft: `1`).  

Reviewer: not directly an issue, but love how you mentioned it XD
I found the same thing a few months ago, it is quite hilarious... wonder if there is a good reason for it

- **players online:** uint32  
  Current number of active players (e.g., `10`).  
- **players max:** uint32  
  Maximum number of players allowed on the server (e.g., `100`).  
- **server id:** uint64  
  Unique identifier for the server (the server GUID but as a number).  
- **level name:** string  
  Name of the game world (e.g., `world`, some docs call this submotd).  
- **gamemode:** string  
  Current game mode (e.g., `Survival`, `Creative`, `Adventure`).  
- **NintendoLimited:** boolean  
  Returns the status of Nintendo's limitation to join (0 or 1).  
- **port v4:** uint16  
  The port of the server for IPv4, useful for servers that have both IPv4 and IPv6.  
- **port v6:** uint16  
  The port of the server for IPv6, useful for servers that have both IPv4 and IPv6.  
- **Extra Data:**  
  Ends with `0` to signify the conclusion of the MOTD string.  

## Code Examples

> ::: code-group

Reviewer: wonder if there is a way to make this collapsible, since not everyone might want to see it directly..
